House Rules: 
 
♦House purchase is bought from the owner of the server. I will grant keys + make spawns and teleports. 
♦Select your spawns wisely as I do not wish to change them. 
♦Create a list of the 4 coordinates that you have choosen for your teleport destinations. 
♦Only 1 house per person. (keys to other's houses via additional keys don't count)
♦You may sell your house key to whoever you want as long as said person does not already own a house.
♦You may sell/buy additional keys to someone else under the knowledge that if the original owner sells the house, the buyer forfeits their key.
♦You can sell the house back to the owner of the server for half of whatever you bought it for, but can't buy another house for 1 week and must return all additional keys. *additional keys wont be bought back.*
♦If someone doesn't wish to share their house, do not harrass/ask them for a key. (more will eventually be added)
 
House Costs:

♦base house = 3 drengel note                    Fully upgraded: 5 drengel notes
♦island house = 5 dregel notes                  Fully upgraded: 8 drengel notes    
♦an additional key for the house costs the amount the house was purchased *addons included


Info:

♦Base house: comes with 1 butler (you get to name) that has 4 unique teleports of your choosing; for archer's will sell arrows too. Basement is included which will have 10 monsters to spawn of your choosing (limitation's being bosses) respawn timer is set to 4 mins. an aditional 10 monsters can be bought for an additional drengel note for a total of max 30 mobs

♦Island house: take the ferry to reach from Grace, comes with a butler (you get to name) with 4 unique teleports; for archer's will sell arrows too. Has a basement that contains 20 mobs( an aditional 10 can be bought for 1 drengel note for a total max of 50). There is also a lower boss chamber that will allow for 1 boss to be placed. Respawn timer for mobs will be 2 mins, respawn timer for boss will be 1 hour. your butler will be a shopkeeper that allows you to sell goods at a higher price than normal to maximize profits.


♦At the moment there is only 2 of each type of house, but I will create more as demand grows, but for the time being only these houses will be in game. It will be first come first served.

